The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Burton Holmes Lectures, Volume 1 (of 10), by 
Burton Holmes

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: The Burton Holmes Lectures, Volume 1 (of 10)
       In Ten Volumes

Author: Burton Holmes

Release Date: November 14, 2018 [EBook #58281]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE BURTON HOLMES LECTURES, VOL 1 ***




Produced by Melissa McDaniel and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)








Transcriber's Note:


  Inconsistent hyphenation and spelling in the original document have

  been preserved. Obvious typographical errors have been corrected.


  Italic text is denoted by _underscores_.



  [Illustration]




     THE
     BURTON HOLMES
     LECTURES

     _With Illustrations from Photographs
     By the Author_

       [Illustration]

     COMPLETE IN TEN VOLUMES

       [Illustration]

     BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN
     THE LITTLE-PRESTON COMPANY, LIMITED
     M C M I




     COPYRIGHT 1901
     BY E. BURTON HOLMES

     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED




     The "Edition Original" of The Burton Holmes Lectures
     is Limited to One Thousand Sets.

     The Registered Number of This Set is —— ——.




Mr. Holmes has been asked to supply data for a biographical sketch. He
replies that his biography will be found in his lectures, each lecture
being a chapter from his life of travel. Thirty chapters of this
autobiography appear in these volumes,—thirty preliminary chapters,—for
Mr. Holmes hopes that his life of travel is but just begun.

Elias Burton Holmes was born in Chicago in January, 1870, inheriting
a love for travel. In 1883 he acquired a love for photography. In 1886
he traveled abroad and took pictures. He has been traveling and taking
pictures ever since. In 1890 he appeared before his first audience,—the
members of the Chicago Camera Club, reading and illustrating an account
of a tour "Through Europe with a Camera." In 1893 he made his first
professional appearance in the recital hall of the Auditorium, Chicago,
describing a journey to Japan. Kind friends and curious acquaintances
insured the success of this venture, and encouraged Mr. Holmes to enter
upon a career in which the labor has been a labor of love. For five
successive winters the Burton Holmes Lectures were among the features of
the amusement season in the cities of the Middle West. In 1897, on the
retirement of Mr. John L. Stoddard from the field which he had created
and occupied for nineteen years, Mr. Holmes found himself prepared to
carry on the work begun by Mr. Stoddard.